NAME                                                           VERSION                                  TYPE        
adduser                                                        3.118ubuntu5                             deb          
apt                                                            2.4.13                                   deb          
apt-utils                                                      2.4.13                                   deb          
base-files                                                     12ubuntu4.7                              deb          
base-passwd                                                    3.5.52build1                             deb          
bash                                                           5.1-6ubuntu1.1                           deb          
bc                                                             1.07.1-3build1                           deb          
binutils                                                       2.38-4ubuntu2.6                          deb          
binutils-common                                                2.38-4ubuntu2.6                          deb          
binutils-x86-64-linux-gnu                                      2.38-4ubuntu2.6                          deb          
bsdutils                                                       1:2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                      deb          
build-essential                                                12.9ubuntu3                              deb          
bzip2                                                          1.0.8-5build1                            deb          
ca-certificates                                                20240203~22.04.1                         deb          
catatonit                                                      0.1.7-1                                  deb          
cloud.google.com/go/auth                                       v0.10.2                                  go-module    
cloud.google.com/go/auth/oauth2adapt                           v0.2.5                                   go-module    
cloud.google.com/go/compute/metadata                           v0.5.2                                   go-module    
coreutils                                                      8.32-4.1ubuntu1.2                        deb          
cpp                                                            4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                        deb          
cpp-11                                                         11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
cpp-12                                                         12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
cron                                                           3.0pl1-137ubuntu3                        deb          
curl                                                           7.81.0-1ubuntu1.20                       deb          
dash                                                           0.5.11+git20210903+057cd650a4ed-3build1  deb          
dctrl-tools                                                    2.24-3build2                             deb          
debconf                                                        1.5.79ubuntu1                            deb          
debianutils                                                    5.5-1ubuntu2                             deb          
diffutils                                                      1:3.8-0ubuntu2                           deb          
dirmngr                                                        2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
distro-info-data                                               0.52ubuntu0.8                            deb          
dkms                                                           2.8.7-2ubuntu2.2                         deb          
dpkg                                                           1.21.1ubuntu2.3                          deb          
dpkg-dev                                                       1.21.1ubuntu2.3                          deb          
e2fsprogs                                                      1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb          
findutils                                                      4.8.0-1ubuntu3                           deb          
g++                                                            4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                        deb          
g++-11                                                         11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
gcc                                                            4:11.2.0-1ubuntu1                        deb          
gcc-11                                                         11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
gcc-11-base                                                    11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
gcc-12                                                         12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
gcc-12-base                                                    12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
git                                                            1:2.34.1-1ubuntu1.11                     deb          
git-man                                                        1:2.34.1-1ubuntu1.11                     deb          
github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-go                              v68.0.0+incompatible                     go-module    
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest                          v0.11.29                                 go-module    
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/adal                     v0.9.22                                  go-module    
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/azure/auth               v0.5.13                                  go-module    
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/azure/cli                v0.4.6                                   go-module    
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/date                     v0.3.0                                   go-module    
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/autorest/to                       v0.2.0                                   go-module    
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/logger                            v0.2.1                                   go-module    
github.com/Azure/go-autorest/tracing                           v0.6.0                                   go-module    
github.com/DataDog/appsec-internal-go                          v1.8.0                                   go-module    
github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/pkg/obfuscate                 v0.48.0                                  go-module    
github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/pkg/remoteconfig/state        v0.57.0                                  go-module    
github.com/DataDog/datadog-go/v5                               v5.3.0                                   go-module    
github.com/DataDog/go-libddwaf/v3                              v3.4.0                                   go-module    
github.com/DataDog/go-tuf                                      v1.1.0-0.5.2                             go-module    
github.com/DataDog/sketches-go                                 v1.4.5                                   go-module    
github.com/apparentlymart/go-cidr                              v1.1.0                                   go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go                                      v1.55.5                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2                                   v1.32.5                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/config                            v1.28.5                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/credentials                       v1.17.46                                 go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/feature/ec2/imds                  v1.16.20                                 go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/configsources            v1.3.24                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/endpoints/v2             v2.6.24                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/internal/ini                      v1.8.1                                   go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/accept-encoding  v1.12.1                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/internal/presigned-url    v1.12.5                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/secretsmanager            v1.34.5                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sso                       v1.24.6                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/ssooidc                   v1.28.5                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/aws-sdk-go-v2/service/sts                       v1.33.1                                  go-module    
github.com/aws/smithy-go                                       v1.22.1                                  go-module    
github.com/beorn7/perks                                        v1.0.1                                   go-module    
github.com/cespare/xxhash/v2                                   v2.3.0                                   go-module    
github.com/coredns/caddy                                       v1.1.2-0.20241029205200-8de985351a98     go-module    
github.com/coredns/coredns                                     v0.0.0-20241121192733-51e11f166ef6       go-module    
github.com/coreos/go-semver                                    v0.3.0                                   go-module    
github.com/coreos/go-systemd/v22                               v22.3.2                                  go-module    
github.com/davecgh/go-spew                                     v1.1.2-0.20180830191138-d8f796af33cc     go-module    
github.com/dimchansky/utfbom                                   v1.1.1                                   go-module    
github.com/dnstap/golang-dnstap                                v0.4.0                                   go-module    
github.com/dustin/go-humanize                                  v1.0.1                                   go-module    
github.com/eapache/queue/v2                                    v2.0.0-20230407133247-75960ed334e4       go-module    
github.com/emicklei/go-restful/v3                              v3.11.0                                  go-module    
github.com/expr-lang/expr                                      v1.16.9                                  go-module    
github.com/farsightsec/golang-framestream                      v0.3.0                                   go-module    
github.com/felixge/httpsnoop                                   v1.0.4                                   go-module    
github.com/flynn/go-shlex                                      v0.0.0-20150515145356-3f9db97f8568       go-module    
github.com/fxamacker/cbor/v2                                   v2.7.0                                   go-module    
github.com/go-logr/logr                                        v1.4.2                                   go-module    
github.com/go-logr/stdr                                        v1.2.2                                   go-module    
github.com/go-openapi/jsonpointer                              v0.19.6                                  go-module    
github.com/go-openapi/jsonreference                            v0.20.2                                  go-module    
github.com/go-openapi/swag                                     v0.22.4                                  go-module    
github.com/gogo/protobuf                                       v1.3.2                                   go-module    
github.com/golang-jwt/jwt/v4                                   v4.5.1                                   go-module    
github.com/golang/groupcache                                   v0.0.0-20210331224755-41bb18bfe9da       go-module    
github.com/golang/protobuf                                     v1.5.4                                   go-module    
github.com/google/gnostic-models                               v0.6.8                                   go-module    
github.com/google/go-cmp                                       v0.6.0                                   go-module    
github.com/google/gofuzz                                       v1.2.0                                   go-module    
github.com/google/s2a-go                                       v0.1.8                                   go-module    
github.com/google/uuid                                         v1.6.0                                   go-module    
github.com/googleapis/enterprise-certificate-proxy             v0.3.4                                   go-module    
github.com/googleapis/gax-go/v2                                v2.14.0                                  go-module    
github.com/grpc-ecosystem/grpc-opentracing                     v0.0.0-20180507213350-8e809c8a8645       go-module    
github.com/hashicorp/go-secure-stdlib/parseutil                v0.1.7                                   go-module    
github.com/hashicorp/go-secure-stdlib/strutil                  v0.1.2                                   go-module    
github.com/hashicorp/go-sockaddr                               v1.0.2                                   go-module    
github.com/imdario/mergo                                       v0.3.12                                  go-module    
github.com/infobloxopen/go-trees                               v0.0.0-20200715205103-96a057b8dfb9       go-module    
github.com/jmespath/go-jmespath                                v0.4.0                                   go-module    
github.com/josharian/intern                                    v1.0.0                                   go-module    
github.com/json-iterator/go                                    v1.1.12                                  go-module    
github.com/klauspost/compress                                  v1.17.9                                  go-module    
github.com/mailru/easyjson                                     v0.7.7                                   go-module    
github.com/matttproud/golang_protobuf_extensions               v1.0.4                                   go-module    
github.com/miekg/dns                                           v1.1.62                                  go-module    
github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir                                v1.1.0                                   go-module    
github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure                              v1.5.0                                   go-module    
github.com/modern-go/concurrent                                v0.0.0-20180306012644-bacd9c7ef1dd       go-module    
github.com/modern-go/reflect2                                  v1.0.2                                   go-module    
github.com/munnerz/goautoneg                                   v0.0.0-20191010083416-a7dc8b61c822       go-module    
github.com/opentracing-contrib/go-observer                     v0.0.0-20170622124052-a52f23424492       go-module    
github.com/opentracing/opentracing-go                          v1.2.0                                   go-module    
github.com/openzipkin-contrib/zipkin-go-opentracing            v0.5.0                                   go-module    
github.com/openzipkin/zipkin-go                                v0.4.3                                   go-module    
github.com/oschwald/geoip2-golang                              v1.11.0                                  go-module    
github.com/oschwald/maxminddb-golang                           v1.13.0                                  go-module    
github.com/outcaste-io/ristretto                               v0.2.3                                   go-module    
github.com/philhofer/fwd                                       v1.1.3-0.20240612014219-fbbf4953d986     go-module    
github.com/pkg/errors                                          v0.9.1                                   go-module    
github.com/prometheus/client_golang                            v1.20.5                                  go-module    
github.com/prometheus/client_model                             v0.6.1                                   go-module    
github.com/prometheus/common                                   v0.60.1                                  go-module    
github.com/prometheus/procfs                                   v0.15.1                                  go-module    
github.com/quic-go/quic-go                                     v0.48.1                                  go-module    
github.com/ryanuber/go-glob                                    v1.0.0                                   go-module    
github.com/secure-systems-lab/go-securesystemslib              v0.7.0                                   go-module    
github.com/spf13/pflag                                         v1.0.5                                   go-module    
github.com/tinylib/msgp                                        v1.2.1                                   go-module    
github.com/x448/float16                                        v0.8.4                                   go-module    
gnupg                                                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
gnupg-l10n                                                     2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
gnupg-utils                                                    2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
go.etcd.io/etcd/api/v3                                         v3.5.17                                  go-module    
go.etcd.io/etcd/client/pkg/v3                                  v3.5.17                                  go-module    
go.etcd.io/etcd/client/v3                                      v3.5.17                                  go-module    
go.opencensus.io                                               v0.24.0                                  go-module    
go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp  v0.54.0                                  go-module    
go.opentelemetry.io/otel                                       v1.29.0                                  go-module    
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/metric                                v1.29.0                                  go-module    
go.opentelemetry.io/otel/trace                                 v1.29.0                                  go-module    
go.uber.org/atomic                                             v1.11.0                                  go-module    
go.uber.org/automaxprocs                                       v1.6.0                                   go-module    
go.uber.org/multierr                                           v1.6.0                                   go-module    
go.uber.org/zap                                                v1.17.0                                  go-module    
golang.org/x/crypto                                            v0.29.0                                  go-module    
golang.org/x/exp                                               v0.0.0-20240506185415-9bf2ced13842       go-module    
golang.org/x/mod                                               v0.18.0                                  go-module    
golang.org/x/net                                               v0.31.0                                  go-module    
golang.org/x/oauth2                                            v0.24.0                                  go-module    
golang.org/x/sys                                               v0.27.0                                  go-module    
golang.org/x/term                                              v0.26.0                                  go-module    
golang.org/x/text                                              v0.20.0                                  go-module    
golang.org/x/time                                              v0.8.0                                   go-module    
golang.org/x/xerrors                                           v0.0.0-20231012003039-104605ab7028       go-module    
google.golang.org/api                                          v0.206.0                                 go-module    
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/api                      v0.0.0-20241104194629-dd2ea8efbc28       go-module    
google.golang.org/genproto/googleapis/rpc                      v0.0.0-20241104194629-dd2ea8efbc28       go-module    
google.golang.org/grpc                                         v1.68.0                                  go-module    
google.golang.org/protobuf                                     v1.35.2                                  go-module    
gopkg.in/DataDog/dd-trace-go.v1                                v1.69.1                                  go-module    
gopkg.in/inf.v0                                                v0.9.1                                   go-module    
gopkg.in/yaml.v2                                               v2.4.0                                   go-module    
gopkg.in/yaml.v3                                               v3.0.1                                   go-module    
gpg                                                            2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
gpg-agent                                                      2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
gpg-wks-client                                                 2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
gpg-wks-server                                                 2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
gpgconf                                                        2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
gpgsm                                                          2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
gpgv                                                           2.2.27-3ubuntu2.1                        deb          
grep                                                           3.7-1build1                              deb          
gzip                                                           1.10-4ubuntu4.1                          deb          
hostname                                                       3.23ubuntu2                              deb          
ifupdown                                                       0.8.36+nmu1ubuntu3.1                     deb          
init-system-helpers                                            1.62                                     deb          
iproute2                                                       5.15.0-1ubuntu2                          deb          
iptables                                                       1.8.7-1ubuntu5.2                         deb          
iputils-ping                                                   3:20211215-1                             deb          
jq                                                             1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb          
k8s.io/api                                                     v0.31.2                                  go-module    
k8s.io/apimachinery                                            v0.31.2                                  go-module    
k8s.io/client-go                                               v0.31.2                                  go-module    
k8s.io/klog/v2                                                 v2.130.1                                 go-module    
k8s.io/kube-openapi                                            v0.0.0-20240228011516-70dd3763d340       go-module    
k8s.io/utils                                                   v0.0.0-20240711033017-18e509b52bc8       go-module    
kmod                                                           29-1ubuntu1                              deb          
libacl1                                                        2.3.1-1                                  deb          
libapt-pkg6.0                                                  2.4.13                                   deb          
libasan6                                                       11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libasan8                                                       12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libassuan0                                                     2.5.5-1build1                            deb          
libatomic1                                                     12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libattr1                                                       1:2.5.1-1build1                          deb          
libaudit-common                                                1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb          
libaudit1                                                      1:3.0.7-1build1                          deb          
libbinutils                                                    2.38-4ubuntu2.6                          deb          
libblkid1                                                      2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb          
libbpf0                                                        1:0.5.0-1ubuntu22.04.1                   deb          
libbrotli1                                                     1.0.9-2build6                            deb          
libbsd0                                                        0.11.5-1                                 deb          
libbz2-1.0                                                     1.0.8-5build1                            deb          
libc-bin                                                       2.35-0ubuntu3.8                          deb          
libc-dev-bin                                                   2.35-0ubuntu3.8                          deb          
libc6                                                          2.35-0ubuntu3.8                          deb          
libc6-dev                                                      2.35-0ubuntu3.8                          deb          
libcap-ng0                                                     0.7.9-2.2build3                          deb          
libcap2                                                        1:2.44-1ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb          
libcap2-bin                                                    1:2.44-1ubuntu0.22.04.1                  deb          
libcc1-0                                                       12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libcom-err2                                                    1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb          
libcrypt-dev                                                   1:4.4.27-1                               deb          
libcrypt1                                                      1:4.4.27-1                               deb          
libctf-nobfd0                                                  2.38-4ubuntu2.6                          deb          
libctf0                                                        2.38-4ubuntu2.6                          deb          
libcurl3-gnutls                                                7.81.0-1ubuntu1.20                       deb          
libcurl4                                                       7.81.0-1ubuntu1.20                       deb          
libdb5.3                                                       5.3.28+dfsg1-0.8ubuntu3                  deb          
libdebconfclient0                                              0.261ubuntu1                             deb          
libdpkg-perl                                                   1.21.1ubuntu2.3                          deb          
libelf-dev                                                     0.186-1build1                            deb          
libelf1                                                        0.186-1build1                            deb          
liberror-perl                                                  0.17029-1                                deb          
libexpat1                                                      2.4.7-1ubuntu0.5                         deb          
libext2fs2                                                     1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb          
libffi8                                                        3.4.2-4                                  deb          
libgcc-11-dev                                                  11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libgcc-12-dev                                                  12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libgcc-s1                                                      12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libgcrypt20                                                    1.9.4-3ubuntu3                           deb          
libgdbm-compat4                                                1.23-1                                   deb          
libgdbm6                                                       1.23-1                                   deb          
libglib2.0-0                                                   2.72.4-0ubuntu2.4                        deb          
libgmp10                                                       2:6.2.1+dfsg-3ubuntu1                    deb          
libgnutls30                                                    3.7.3-4ubuntu1.5                         deb          
libgomp1                                                       12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libgpg-error0                                                  1.43-3                                   deb          
libgssapi-krb5-2                                               1.19.2-2ubuntu0.4                        deb          
libhogweed6                                                    3.7.3-1build2                            deb          
libidn2-0                                                      2.3.2-2build1                            deb          
libip4tc2                                                      1.8.7-1ubuntu5.2                         deb          
libip6tc2                                                      1.8.7-1ubuntu5.2                         deb          
libisl23                                                       0.24-2build1                             deb          
libitm1                                                        12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libjq1                                                         1.6-2.1ubuntu3                           deb          
libk5crypto3                                                   1.19.2-2ubuntu0.4                        deb          
libkeyutils1                                                   1.6.1-2ubuntu3                           deb          
libkmod2                                                       29-1ubuntu1                              deb          
libkrb5-3                                                      1.19.2-2ubuntu0.4                        deb          
libkrb5support0                                                1.19.2-2ubuntu0.4                        deb          
libksba8                                                       1.6.0-2ubuntu0.2                         deb          
libldap-2.5-0                                                  2.5.18+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.2             deb          
libldap-common                                                 2.5.18+dfsg-0ubuntu0.22.04.2             deb          
liblsan0                                                       12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
liblz4-1                                                       1.9.3-2build2                            deb          
liblzma5                                                       5.2.5-2ubuntu1                           deb          
libmd0                                                         1.0.4-1build1                            deb          
libmnl0                                                        1.0.4-3build2                            deb          
libmount1                                                      2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb          
libmpc3                                                        1.2.1-2build1                            deb          
libmpdec3                                                      2.5.1-2build2                            deb          
libmpfr6                                                       4.1.0-3build3                            deb          
libncurses6                                                    6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb          
libncursesw6                                                   6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb          
libnetfilter-conntrack3                                        1.0.9-1                                  deb          
libnettle8                                                     3.7.3-1build2                            deb          
libnfnetlink0                                                  1.0.1-3build3                            deb          
libnftnl11                                                     1.2.1-1build1                            deb          
libnghttp2-14                                                  1.43.0-1ubuntu0.2                        deb          
libnpth0                                                       1.6-3build2                              deb          
libnsl-dev                                                     1.3.0-2build2                            deb          
libnsl2                                                        1.3.0-2build2                            deb          
libonig5                                                       6.9.7.1-2build1                          deb          
libp11-kit0                                                    0.24.0-6build1                           deb          
libpam-modules                                                 1.4.0-11ubuntu2.4                        deb          
libpam-modules-bin                                             1.4.0-11ubuntu2.4                        deb          
libpam-runtime                                                 1.4.0-11ubuntu2.4                        deb          
libpam0g                                                       1.4.0-11ubuntu2.4                        deb          
libpcre2-8-0                                                   10.39-3ubuntu0.1                         deb          
libpcre3                                                       2:8.39-13ubuntu0.22.04.1                 deb          
libperl5.34                                                    5.34.0-3ubuntu1.3                        deb          
libpng16-16                                                    1.6.37-3build5                           deb          
libprocps8                                                     2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2.1                      deb          
libpsl5                                                        0.21.0-1.2build2                         deb          
libpython3-stdlib                                              3.10.6-1~22.04.1                         deb          
libpython3.10-minimal                                          3.10.12-1~22.04.7                        deb          
libpython3.10-stdlib                                           3.10.12-1~22.04.7                        deb          
libqrencode4                                                   4.1.1-1                                  deb          
libquadmath0                                                   12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libreadline8                                                   8.1.2-1                                  deb          
librtmp1                                                       2.4+20151223.gitfa8646d.1-2build4        deb          
libsasl2-2                                                     2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb          
libsasl2-modules                                               2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb          
libsasl2-modules-db                                            2.1.27+dfsg2-3ubuntu1.2                  deb          
libseccomp2                                                    2.5.3-2ubuntu2                           deb          
libselinux1                                                    3.3-1build2                              deb          
libsemanage-common                                             3.3-1build2                              deb          
libsemanage2                                                   3.3-1build2                              deb          
libsepol2                                                      3.3-1build1                              deb          
libsmartcols1                                                  2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb          
libsqlite3-0                                                   3.37.2-2ubuntu0.3                        deb          
libss2                                                         1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb          
libssh-4                                                       0.9.6-2ubuntu0.22.04.3                   deb          
libssl3                                                        3.0.2-0ubuntu1.18                        deb          
libstdc++-11-dev                                               11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libstdc++6                                                     12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libsystemd0                                                    249.11-0ubuntu3.12                       deb          
libtasn1-6                                                     4.18.0-4build1                           deb          
libtinfo6                                                      6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb          
libtirpc-common                                                1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb          
libtirpc-dev                                                   1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb          
libtirpc3                                                      1.3.2-2ubuntu0.1                         deb          
libtsan0                                                       11.4.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libtsan2                                                       12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libubsan1                                                      12.3.0-1ubuntu1~22.04                    deb          
libudev1                                                       249.11-0ubuntu3.12                       deb          
libunistring2                                                  1.0-1                                    deb          
libuuid1                                                       2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb          
libxtables12                                                   1.8.7-1ubuntu5.2                         deb          
libxxhash0                                                     0.8.1-1                                  deb          
libzstd1                                                       1.4.8+dfsg-3build1                       deb          
linux-libc-dev                                                 5.15.0-130.140                           deb          
locales                                                        2.35-0ubuntu3.8                          deb          
login                                                          1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.2                       deb          
logsave                                                        1.46.5-2ubuntu1.2                        deb          
lsb-base                                                       11.1.0ubuntu4                            deb          
lsb-release                                                    11.1.0ubuntu4                            deb          
lto-disabled-list                                              24                                       deb          
make                                                           4.3-4.1build1                            deb          
mawk                                                           1.3.4.20200120-3                         deb          
media-types                                                    7.0.0                                    deb          
mount                                                          2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb          
ncurses-base                                                   6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb          
ncurses-bin                                                    6.3-2ubuntu0.1                           deb          
net-tools                                                      1.60+git20181103.0eebece-1ubuntu5        deb          
netbase                                                        6.3                                      deb          
netcat                                                         1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb          
netcat-openbsd                                                 1.218-4ubuntu1                           deb          
openresolv                                                     3.12.0-2                                 deb          
openssl                                                        3.0.2-0ubuntu1.18                        deb          
passwd                                                         1:4.8.1-2ubuntu2.2                       deb          
patch                                                          2.7.6-7build2                            deb          
perl                                                           5.34.0-3ubuntu1.3                        deb          
perl-base                                                      5.34.0-3ubuntu1.3                        deb          
perl-modules-5.34                                              5.34.0-3ubuntu1.3                        deb          
pinentry-curses                                                1.1.1-1build2                            deb          
pkg-config                                                     0.29.2-1ubuntu3                          deb          
procps                                                         2:3.3.17-6ubuntu2.1                      deb          
publicsuffix                                                   20211207.1025-1                          deb          
python3                                                        3.10.6-1~22.04.1                         deb          
python3-minimal                                                3.10.6-1~22.04.1                         deb          
python3.10                                                     3.10.12-1~22.04.7                        deb          
python3.10-minimal                                             3.10.12-1~22.04.7                        deb          
qrencode                                                       4.1.1-1                                  deb          
readline-common                                                8.1.2-1                                  deb          
rpcsvc-proto                                                   1.4.2-0ubuntu6                           deb          
sed                                                            4.8-1ubuntu2                             deb          
sensible-utils                                                 0.0.17                                   deb          
sigs.k8s.io/json                                               v0.0.0-20221116044647-bc3834ca7abd       go-module    
sigs.k8s.io/structured-merge-diff/v4                           v4.4.1                                   go-module    
sigs.k8s.io/yaml                                               v1.4.0                                   go-module    
stdlib                                                         go1.23.3                                 go-module    
sysvinit-utils                                                 3.01-1ubuntu1                            deb          
tar                                                            1.34+dfsg-1ubuntu0.1.22.04.2             deb          
tzdata                                                         2024a-0ubuntu0.22.04.1                   deb          
ubuntu-keyring                                                 2021.03.26                               deb          
usrmerge                                                       25ubuntu2                                deb          
util-linux                                                     2.37.2-4ubuntu3.4                        deb          
xz-utils                                                       5.2.5-2ubuntu1                           deb          
zlib1g                                                         1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                 deb          
zlib1g-dev                                                     1:1.2.11.dfsg-2ubuntu9.2                 deb          
